**************************
C03 AI Introduction
**************************

Group Exercises
========

C03-1-1. Collect features: height, weight, play football (0/1), swim (0/1), CET4 (0/1), wash clothes more than once a month (0/1), daily sleeping hours, winning of scholarships (0/1), and gender (F/M). Use SVM to classify genders.

C03-2-1. Use NN to do the gender classfication.

C03-2-2. Prepare some 28X28 figures of handwritings of number '0' and '1'. Use NN to classify the two numbers.

Homework
========
C03-1-1. Use SVM for multi-classification with https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Wine

C03-2-1. Use NN to classify Wines https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Wine

C03-2-2. MNIST CLASSIFICATION

C03-2-3. Use NN to predict

Material
========
`Networkx Tutorial <https://networkx.github.io/documentation/stable/index.html>`__

Literature
==========

  Ohtsuki H, Hauert C, Lieberman E and Nowak MA (2006), `A simple rule for the evolution of cooperation on graphs and social networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature04605>`__, Nature., May, 2006. Vol. 441, pp. 502. Nature Publishing Group.

  da Fontoura Costa L, Jr. ONO, Travieso G, Rodrigues FA, Boas PRV, Antiqueira L, Viana MP and Rocha LEC (2011), `Analyzing and modeling real-world phenomena with complex networks: a survey of applications <http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/00018732.2011.572452>`__, Advances in Physics. Vol. 60(3), pp. 329-412.

  Watts DJ and Strogatz SH (1998), `Collective dynamics of `small-world'networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/30918>`__, Nature., 06, 1998. Vol. 393, pp. 440 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.

  Battiston S, Puliga M, Kaushik R, Tasca P and Caldarelli G (2012), `DebtRank: Too Central to Fail? Financial Networks, the FED and Systemic Risk <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep00541>`__, Scientific Reports., 08, 2012. Vol. 2, pp. 541 EP -. The Author(s) SN -.

  Fair KR, Bauch CT and Anand M (2017), `Dynamics of the Global Wheat Trade Network and Resilience to Shocks <https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-07202-y>`__, Scientific Reports., August, 2017. Vol. 7(1), pp. 7177.

  Barabási A-L and Albert R (1999), `Emergence of scaling in random networks <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/286/5439/509>`__, science. Vol. 286(5439), pp. 509-512. American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  Strogatz SH (2001), `Exploring complex networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/35065725>`__, Nature., 03, 2001. Vol. 410(6825), pp. 268-276.
  
  Guimerà R and Nunes Amaral LA (2005), `Functional cartography of complex metabolic networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature03288>`__, Nature., 02, 2005. Vol. 433, pp. 895 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.
  
  Wang C, Lo C, Liang H, Chien P, Chen H and Lo S (2013), `Inter-firm alliances networks in nanotechnology: The roles of network position and technological uncertainty <https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6641695/>`__, In 2013 Proceedings of PICMET '13: Technology Management in the IT-Driven Services (PICMET)., July, 2013. , pp. 259-269.

  Barabási A-L and Oltvai ZN (2004), `Network biology: understanding the cell's functional organization <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrg1272>`__, Nature Reviews Genetics., 02, 2004. Vol. 5, pp. 101 EP -. Nature Publishing Group SN -.

  Barabási A-L, Gulbahce N and Loscalzo J (2010), `Network medicine: a network-based approach to human disease <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrg2918>`__, Nature Reviews Genetics., 12, 2010. Vol. 12, pp. 56 EP -. Nature Publishing Group, a division of Macmillan Publishers Limited. All Rights Reserved. SN -.

  Adamic LA and Huberman BA (2000), `Power-Law Distribution of the World Wide Web <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/287/5461/2115>`__, Science. Vol. 287(5461), pp. 2115-2115. American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  Stam C, Jones B, Nolte G, Breakspear M and Scheltens P (2007), `Small-World Networks and Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer's Disease <http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhj127>`__, Cerebral Cortex. Vol. 17(1), pp. 92-99.

  Albert R and Barabási A-L (2002), `Statistical mechanics of complex networks <https://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/RevModPhys.74.47>`__, Rev. Mod. Phys.., Jan, 2002. Vol. 74, pp. 47-97. American Physical Society.

  Goh K-I, Cusick ME, Valle D, Childs B, Vidal M and Barabási A-L (2007), `The human disease network <http://www.pnas.org/content/104/21/8685>`__, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Vol. 104(21), pp. 8685-8690. National Academy of Sciences.

  Jeong H, Tombor B, Albert R, Oltvai ZN and Barabási AL (2000), `The large-scale organization of metabolic networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/35036627>`__, Nature., 10, 2000. Vol. 407, pp. 651 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.

  Page L, Brin S, Motwani R and Winograd T (1999), `The PageRank Citation Ranking: Bringing Order to the Web <http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/>`__. Thesis at: Stanford InfoLab., November, 1999. (1999-66) Stanford InfoLab.

  Palla G, Derényi I, Farkas I and Vicsek T (2005), `Uncovering the overlapping community structure of complex networks in nature and society <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature03607>`__, Nature., 06, 2005. Vol. 435, pp. 814 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.

  Garlaschelli D, Caldarelli G and Pietronero L (2003), `Universal scaling relations in food webs <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature01604>`__, Nature., May, 2003. Vol. 423, pp. 165. Macmillan Magazines Ltd..

  Caner T, Sun J and Prescott JE (2014), `When a firm's centrality in R&D alliance network is (not) the answer for invention: The interaction of centrality, inward and outward knowledge transfer <http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092347481400040X>`__, Journal of Engineering and Technology Management. Vol. 33, pp. 193 - 209.
